# matlab-cdse-cds
Finite Difference Method script for calculating 1Se|1Sh, 1Pe|1Sh and 2Se|1Sh exciton state wavefunctions and energies. Sever biexciton state energies are calculated.
The strucutre is purely spherical, with a core radius of 2 nm and a 2 nm thick CdS shell layer thickness. These can be adjusted on lines 6&7 (variables radius1 and radius2).
To execute, run in MATLAB by simply typing in the command CdSeCdS <enter>. The code will run and plot radial distribution functions and output biexciton energies including binding energies.
The calculation first calculates a wavefunction for the electron and hole with no Coulombib interaction. Next, the initial wavefunctions are used to create electrostatic potentials (derived by solving the Poisson equation including solving the Coulombic long range boundary condition) that are fed back into the Schrodinger equation, which then recalculates the wavefunctions. This process is repeated until the energy chages by a small threshold (0.0001 Hartrees, set on line 80). 
The code can be altered for other materails by chaning the various electron and hole masses and potential offsets. 
This code uses natural units, where me* is the mass of an electron = 1.0, the reduced Planck constant is 1.0, and energies are in Hartrees. The parameterized values here are the result of a general concensus from the literature, specifically me(CdSe)=0.13 me*, me(CdS)=0.21 me*, mh(CdSe)=0.50 me*, mh(CdS)=0.70 me*. By assigning a potential offset for CdSe as 0 eV, then Ve(CdS)=0.24 eV, Vh(CdS)=0.42 eV. The ligands are assumed to have reduced mases of 1.0 and potential barriers of 3.0 eV. The dielectric constants used for solving the Poisson equation are e(CdSe)=6.2, e(CdS)=8.9, and e(ligands)=2.38, which is appropriate for toluene.
